Hi there. This video is going to be
about the idea of a working directory, which
you will find useful when you are running
your programs in CS one zero seven. The
working directory is representation of where your program
starts looking for files. So when you're running
a program, it actually has a certain location
that it looks for the files in. Often,
this is actually where you launch the application
from. So you're in a particular directory, you
run your program, and that directory is where
the working directory is. This is not necessarily
where the program itself lives. So, for instance,
if I, run the command l s, well
the l s program lives in some other
folder. In fact, can figure out where it
lives. Which l s tells us that l
it the l s command lives in slash
bin slash l s. But in this case,
the working directory is my home folder here.
So if I type l s, well, it's
gonna do an l s of the files
in my home folder. Okay. So, if you
wanna figure out what your working directory is,
you can actually type p w d, which
says print working directory and that will actually
tell you that this is the directory that
that things will start looking for files in.
Okay. If you change to another directory, so
let's say we change to c s one
zero seven slash assignments slash assign zero. Okay.
P w d says oh good look now
we're in the working directory is now the
entire directory out to assign zero. Okay? I
happen to have the hello program here and
remember, from a different video on the file
system, you can, you run a program by
saying what folder it's in and dot slash
hello means the current directory hello program. So
it will run hello world like that and
it didn't happen to read anything in but
the working directory is the assigned zero directory.
Now, I can actually go back to two
directories back if I want and I can
actually run hello from here if I want
to. Have to type the path from here.
So let's see, if I type assignments slash
assign zero slash hello then the working directory
is the current directory I'm in but hello
is located in a different place. Now it's
still gonna print hello world because it doesn't
have to actually read any information in, but,
but that's that. So you will find that
sometimes you your programs can't find the right
files. Just make sure that you understand where
they're looking and often that is the working
directory. Thanks.